Q UseFull Website ?


Fofa  -->

Dogpile  -->

Archives --> 

exploit db  google dorking


AN:1:builtwith --> Discover  the technology behind any website

2::crt.sh A Free ssl certificate search tool of transparency  

3::Shodan -- the search engine for the internet of thing (IOT)  -->Important

4::Dorksearch - Advanced Google Dorking made easy  -->Important 

5::PolySwarm - A decentralized Threat detection platform 

6::LeakIX - Discover data leaks and branches

7::wayback machine - explore internet history and archived

8::packet storm security - A treasure trove of security advisories 

9::exploit notes - Notes and resources on various exploits 

10::Abuse.ch's malware Bazaar - a collection of malware sample

11::Have i been pwned check if your email hash been commanded 

VirusTotal - Analyze suspicious files and URLs to detect types of malware.

Censys - A search engine for Internet-connected devices and networks.

Hybrid Analysis - Free malware analysis service for dynamic and static analysis.

Exploit Database - Archive of public exploits and vulnerable software.

SecLists - Collection of multiple types of lists used during security assessments.

Metasploit - The world's most used penetration testing software.

PacketTotal - A free, community driven network packet capture analysis service.

URLscan.io - Service for scanning and analyzing websites.

IPinfo - Detailed information on IP addresses, including geolocation and ASN data.

GreyNoise - Collects and analyzes Internet-wide scan and attack traffic.



Q Top Phishing Tools In hacking any Time ?

1:GoPhish
2::King Phisher --> The Ruler of Realistic Campaigns
3::social Engineer ToolKit (Set)  -->all in one 
4::Blackeye.sh -->master
5::PhishX.py  -=->Spearheading Your Phishing Defense
6::HidenEye -->Phishing with a morden touch
6::shellphish
7::spearPhisher git hub -->Your window into phishing traffic
8:: 
8::theHarvester - A tool for gathering email accounts, subdomains, hosts, employee names, open ports, 
and banners from different public sources such as search engines, PGP key servers, and SHODAN.

9::Recon-ng - A full-featured Web Reconnaissance framework written in Python, complete with independent
modules, database interaction, built-in convenience functions, interactive help, and command completion.

10::Maltego - An interactive data mining tool that renders directed graphs for link analysis, providing a 
library of transforms for data mining and information gathering.

11:SpiderFoot - An open-source intelligence (OSINT) automation tool with over 200
modules for information gathering.

12::Amass - A powerful open-source tool for network mapping of attack surfaces and external asset
discovery using information gathering and active reconnaissance techniques.

13::FOCA - A tool for analyzing metadata and hidden information in documents, especially
from Microsoft Office, Open Office, or PDF files.

14::Creepy - A geolocation information aggregator, extracting information from social networking
platforms to plot on a map the locations of where data has been posted from.

15::OSINT Framework - A web-based interface to collect a wide variety of information from publicly available sources.

16::Datasploit - An OSINT framework to perform various recon techniques, aggregate all the
raw data, and provide data in multiple formats.

17::Shodan - A search engine that lets you find specific types of computers (webcams, routers, servers, etc.)
connected to the internet using a variety of filters.

